What are you crying for? Are you upset?
I'm sorry I kept quiet.
But don't blame me for what happened.
Kanichi-san, I thought I could only tell you
what I couldn't tell anyone.
I'm sorry I made you angry.
I feel bad when you're angry.
So don't make me feel like this again.
I'm sorry.
Then don't be upset.
I'm relieved.
I'm sorry I made you angry.
Actually, this time,
I came here because I was worried about you.
My friend lent me money for the train.
I was cold.
I got cold.
I got this coat.
And these shoes.
Did you do that?
You have to be grateful.
You can't buy this feeling with money.
I understand.
You understand?
Let's go to the train station.
Yes.
Come on.
What's this?
What's wrong with this?
This is...
That person lent me money.
That person is Tomiyama.
Throw it away.
No.
I'll kick you.
You haven't decided yet.
Tell me the truth.
Please ask your mother.
I understand.
No.
I don't want to hear your story.
I'm not angry.
Why can't you talk to me?
Tell me.
I'll ask you.
If I go to Tomiyama, what will you do?
You said it.
You wanted to throw me away.
You killed her.
No.
You'll be together forever.
Don't forget tonight.
It's January 17th.
Kanichi.
Where will you see the moon?
Don't say that.
Next month.
When the moon is dark.
Kanichi will cry somewhere.
Please wait.
Don't say that.
Look at her.
You idiot.
Wait.
I'm sorry.